Updated url links markdown (#3747)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/what-is/what-is-a-github-action-secret.md

Now that you know about GitHub Actions secrets, take your cloud infrastructure management to the next level with Pulumi:

> - **Integrate your [continuous delivery with Pulumi](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/using-pulumi/continuous-delivery/github-actionss/)**: Ship software faster and more safely by combining Pulumi with the other components of your automated infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Integrate your [continuous delivery with Pulumi](/docs/using-pulumi/continuous-delivery/github-actions/)**: Ship software faster and more safely by combining Pulumi with the other components of your automated infrastructure.
```
